Subgraph quickstart updates (#851)
graphprotocol/docs: website/pages/en/subgraphs/quick-start.mdx

graph init
```

> If your contract was verified on Etherscan, then the ABI will automatically be created in the CLI.

Reviewer: Is there any reason to remove this? If we don't mention Etherscan, devs might not know where a contract gets "verified"

Author: I removed it because there's many kinds of blockscanners. Maybe simply saying a blockscanner instead of "Etherscan"?

### 5. Deploy your subgraph

> Deploying a subgraph is not the same as publishing a subgraph.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

### 5. Deploy your subgraph

> When you **deploy** a subgraph, you push it to [Subgraph Studio](https://thegraph.com/studio/), where you can test, stage and review it. A deployed subgraph's indexing is performed by the [Upgrade Indexer](https://thegraph.com/blog/upgrade-indexer/) a single Indexer owned and operated by Edge & Node, not by the many decentralized Indexers in The Graph Network. A **deployed** subgraph is free to use, rate-limited, not visible to the public, and meant to be used for development, staging, and testing purposes.

Reviewer 2: This is good, but would there be value in keeping the sentence "deploying is not the same as publishing"? Just to highlight the fact that there are two distinct actions that could potentially be conflated by the reader, but are actually completely different.

Author: Sure! Feel free to leave that in or remove it, whichever you think flows best.

### 5. Deploy your subgraph

> > Remember, deploying is not the same as publishing.
> When you **deploy** a subgraph, you push it to [Subgraph Studio](https://thegraph.com/studio/), where you can test, stage and review it. A deployed subgraph's indexing is performed by the [Upgrade Indexer](https://thegraph.com/blog/upgrade-indexer/), which is a single Indexer owned and operated by Edge & Node, rather than by the many decentralized Indexers in The Graph Network. A **deployed** subgraph is free to use, rate-limited, not visible to the public, and meant to be used for development, staging, and testing purposes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Remember, deploying is not the same as publishing.

When you **deploy** a subgraph, you push it to [Subgraph Studio](https://thegraph.com/studio/), where you can test, stage and review it. A deployed subgraph's indexing is performed by the [Upgrade Indexer](https://thegraph.com/blog/upgrade-indexer/), which is a single Indexer owned and operated by Edge & Node, rather than by the many decentralized Indexers in The Graph Network. A **deployed** subgraph is free to use, rate-limited, not visible to the public, and meant to be used for development, staging, and testing purposes.
```

### 7. Publish your subgraph to The Graph Network

> When your subgraph is ready for a production environment, you can publish it to the decentralized network. Publishing a subgraph means that your subgraph becomes availble to index by the decentralized Indexers on The Graph Network. Publishing also removes rate limits, and makes your subgraph publicly searchable and queriable on [The Graph Explorer](https://thegraph.com/explorer/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When your subgraph is ready for a production environment, you can publish it to the decentralized network. Publishing a subgraph means that your subgraph becomes available to index by the decentralized Indexers on The Graph Network. Publishing also removes rate limits, and makes your subgraph publicly searchable and queryable in [Graph Explorer](https://thegraph.com/explorer/).
```

> Publishing a subgraph to the decentralized network is an onchain action that makes your subgraph available for [Curators](/resources/roles/curating/) to curate it and [Indexers](/indexing/overview/) to index it. The greater the amount of GRT you and others curate on your subgraph, the more Indexers will be incentivized to index your subgraph, improving the quality of service, reducing latency, and enhancing network redundancy for your subgraph.

Reviewer 2: I feel like this paragraph could be merged with the previous one.

Author: Yea, agreed.

Reviewer 2: Done by Ida and I, thank you!

### 7. Publish your subgraph to The Graph Network

> When your subgraph is production-ready, you can **publish** it to the decentralized network. This process makes your subgraph available for indexing by decentralized Indexers on The Graph Network, removes rate limits, and allows it to be publicly searchable and queryable on [The Graph Explorer](https://thegraph.com/explorer/). Publishing is an onchain action that enables [Curators](/resources/roles/curating/) to curate and [Indexers](/indexing/overview/) to index your subgraph. The more GRT curated on your subgraph, the more Indexers are incentivized to index it, enhancing service quality, reducing latency, and improving network redundancy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When your subgraph is ready for a production environment, you can publish it to the decentralized network. Here's what publishing does:

- It makes your subgraph available to be to indexed by the decentralized Indexers on The Graph Network. 
- It removes rate limits and makes your subgraph publicly searchable and queryable in [Graph Explorer](https://thegraph.com/explorer/).
- It's an onchain action that makes your subgraph available for [Curators](/resources/roles/curating/) to curate it and [Indexers](/indexing/overview/) to index it. 

> The greater the amount of GRT you and others curate on your subgraph, the more Indexers will be incentivized to index your subgraph, improving the quality of service, reducing latency, and enhancing network redundancy for your subgraph.
```
